The President:
Thank you very much.
Mr. Vice President,
Secretary Mattis,
General Dunford, senior
military leaders,
and distinguished guests,
thank you all for being here
as we prepare to sign something
that is extremely important:
the National Defense Authorization Act.
We're signing
it into law.
This historic legislation
demonstrates
our unwavering commitment
to our men and women
in uniform -- the greatest
fighting force
in the history of the world.
And we're making it a lot
better than even that.
Before we begin, I want
to address the terrorist attack
that took place
yesterday in New York City,
and to praise the
first responders, local police,
and federal law enforcement
for their quick action.
They did an
incredible job.
There have now been two
terrorist attacks
in New York City
in recent weeks
carried out by foreign nationals,
here on green cards.
The first attacker came
through the visa lottery
and the second through
chain migration.
We're going to
end both of them.
The lottery system and
chain migration --
we're going to end them fast.
Congress must get
involved immediately,
and they are involved
immediately,
and I can tell you we have
tremendous support.
They will be ended.
These attacks underscore
the dangers we face
from around the globe.
The National Defense
Authorization Act
could not come at a more
opportune or important time.
This legislation
represents a momentous
step toward rebuilding
our military and securing
the future for
our children.
I applaud the work of the
members of both parties
who came together to pass
the National Defense Authorization Act,
which passed with
overwhelming bipartisan support --
something that sounds
very nice to my ears.
I especially want
to thank Chairman Thornberry,
who is here
with us today,
for his tireless efforts.
Fantastic job.
In recent years, our
military has undergone
a series of deep budget
cuts that have severely
impacted our readiness,
shrunk our capabilities,
and placed substantial
burdens on our warfighters.
And great warfighters
they are.
History teaches us that
when you weaken your defenses,
you invite aggression.
The best way to prevent
conflict or be --
of any kind --
is to be prepared,
and really be prepared.
Only when the good
are strong will peace prevail.
Today, with the signing
of this defense bill,
we accelerate the process
of fully restoring
America's military might.
I also want to thank
Senator John McCain
for the work he's
done on this bill.
He has fought very, very
hard to make it
just the way he wants it and
that we all want it.
This legislation will
enhance our readiness,
expand our modernized --
and modernize our forces,
and help provide our
servicemembers
with the tools that they need
to fight and to win.
We will fight and win.
But hopefully, with this,
we won't have to fight
because people will not
be wanting to fight with us.
It authorizes funding for
our continued campaign
to obliterate ISIS.
As you know, we've won in
Syria, we've won in Iraq.
But they spread to other
areas and we're getting
them as fast
as they spread.
We've had more success
with ISIS
in the last eight months than
the entire previous
administration has had
during its entire term.
It approves missile
defense capabilities
as we continue our campaign
to create maximum
pressure on the vile
dictatorship in North Korea.
We're working very
diligently on that --
building up forces.
We'll see how it
all turns out.
It's a very bad situation
-- a situation
that should have been handled
long ago by other administrations.
It upgrades our Ground
Combat Vehicles,
allows for the purchase of new
Joint Strike Fighter aircraft,
and paves the
way for beautiful
new Virginia-class submarines
-- the finest in the world.
Finally, the defense bill
authorizes major investments
in our military's greatest
weapon of all: its warriors.
The NDAA increases the size
of the American Armed Forces
for the
first time in seven years,
and it
provides our military
servicemembers with their
largest pay increase
in eight years.
Now Congress must finish
the job by eliminating
the defense sequester
and passing a clean
appropriations bill.
I think it's
going to happen.
We need our military.
It's got to be perfecto.
At this time of grave
global threats,
I urge Democrats in Congress
to drop their shutdown threats
and descend clean funding
and a clean funding bill
to my desk that fully
funds our great military.
Protecting our country
should always be a
bipartisan issue, just
like today's legislation.
We must work across party
lines to give our heroic troops
the equipment,
resources, and support
that they have earned
a thousand times over.
Together, we will send
a clear message to our allies
and a firm warning
to our enemies
and adversaries: America
is strong, proud,
determined, and ready.
And I might add, when
we're completed --
and it won't be that long -- we
will be stronger than
ever before -- by a lot.
So thank you to all of
our friends in Congress.
And we do appreciate the
bipartisan support,
and we appreciate your hard
work on this historic
defense authorization.
And thank you, most
of all, to our brave warriors
for standing
watch over our country,
our families,
and our freedom.
Brand-new, beautiful
equipment is on its way --
the best you've
ever had by far.
We make the best in the world,
and you're going to have it.
God bless you, God bless
our military,
and God bless America.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I won't be showing all
of this to everybody,
believe it or not.
That's a lot of pages.
That is a lot of pages.
(The bill is signed.)
(Applause.)
The President: Thank you
very much everybody.
The Press: Mr. President, what
did you mean when you said that
Kirsten Gillibrand will do
anything for a campaign contribution